Stop! You can't drink that.
What?
The doctors that you can't have me.
So, I'm gonna take you.
There now you can talk about this.
Your secretary is quite the character, Lucas.
Well, she's just doing her job.
Second, I'm doing a problem.
Of course not.
Well, I think I'm feeling a little funny.
You okay?
I'm gonna go back to the room.
Excuse us.
I think you okay?
Yeah.
Michelle.
You alright?
Yeah, I just...
You hear it, don't you think?
Michelle, I should probably take you to the hospital.
I'm really glad that you're here.
We should...
You need to rest.
The doctor will be here any minutes.
The doctor?
Once a drug is out of her system, she will be fine.
In the meantime, make sure she gets plenty of rest.
Okay, but the kings have to pay for this.
Understood.
I am not.
So she's getting a divorce too?
You know what your wife did?
She told me to come here and then just disappear.
I've called her a million times and she still has an answer.
I've turned down so many dates.
What was this?
Keep trying.
I need this divorce finalized now.
Please.
Fine.
God, I forgot about him.
She's turned it off.
Look, I don't care what you do, I just need the divorce finalized.
You do this.
You don't even want to do this at first and now you can't wait.
What happened?
You found another woman you love?
What are you talking about?
I'm sorry.
So this is why you won't let me know you're assistant, huh?
You plan on marrying her yourself?
Are you two together?
She doesn't know you.
The youngest billionaire in the country has a secret crush.
Wow.
It's when I thought things couldn't get any weirder.
Just when I thought things couldn't get any weirder.
Okay, all right.
That's enough now.
Let's get out of here.
Come on.
And look man, if you need my help, you can always come to me.
Luckily I don't.
Are you going to tell her after the divorce?
If you don't stop talking, I'm going to end business doing this with a family so please.
All right, all right.
I'll shut up.
Go find your ex and get this divorce done.
And soon you'll be with your dream girl.
All right.
Go on.
Thanks for helping.
I should be apologizing.
I failed to protect you.
It wasn't your fault.
And you've always been really great to me.
You didn't know they were going to drive me.
So you do think I'm a good boss?
I think you're the best boss I've ever had.
But the thing is, Michelle, I don't want to just be your boss anymore.
Sorry.
I'll let's get your things backed up and let's get out of here.
Sure.
Did the deal go through yesterday?
More or less.
Great.
At least I didn't jeopardize the company.
What?
It says yesterday's social aid Stacey King was reported for tax evasion.
During an attempt to escape from the police she got into a car accident and is now paralyzed
from the waist down.
All of her assets have been taken over by EP Group, the CEO of which is known for his ruthless
business tactics.
Did you do this?
Would you prefer me not to?
No.
I mean, I think you did the right thing.
I can't imagine what would have happened if you had drank the wine last night.
It was a good thing it was me.
What's wrong?
It shouldn't have been you either.
Do you understand that?
You should probably answer that.
Finally, I thought your phone was stolen.
Look, I'm in Middlebury.
Where are you?
I'm in...
I'm actually on my way back now.
I can't just meet you when I get there.
No, I'm not doing this again, okay?
I'll have somebody send you the papers and just sign them and send them back immediately.
Okay.
Is everything okay, boss?
Look, I'm sorry.
I said I got a call from the divorce lawyer.
I'm also going through divorce.
Is there any advice or anything I can help you with?
No.
Actually, because I'm leaving with nothing.
Is that what he wants?
Well, he offered me a ceremony, but then he changed his mind.
It's not a big deal. I just want to get this over with.
A woman like her being married to such a lousy guy.
What is it?
I should wait until we're both divorced before I tell her how I feel.
That's the respectful thing to do, right?
These are the forms for Michelle's promotion and raise.
Just need your signature.
I showed Docery.
I thought her last name was Herbert.
Yes, she changed her name after the divorce.
What?
Why do you look so happy?
Do I?
Not anymore, but you did.
What are you starting up?
There's your board to do?
Yep.
Here's a divorce agreement.
I'll sign and finalize.
Now you can tell your little secretary how you feel.
That was easy.
Just like that, huh?
By the way, you work in the same company as your ex.
Why didn't you get her to sign yourself?
You could have saved me a long trip.
You used to.
She doesn't work anymore.
No.
She said she has to return on a family car she got from your grandmother.
That's why I brought you the contract before I head over there.
Right.
Well, she wants to do more than return than a car.
Watch out for her.
Well, she already signed the papers.
There's not much she can pull off now.
We'll be over there first and then we'll pour back to her.
What happens?
Got it.
Hey, are you here?
Yeah.
Wait.
You're Michelle.
Michelle Herbert.
You're my divorce attorney?
You and your husband were married for four years and you had no idea what he looked like.
My glasses were broken when we met and I couldn't see his face.
But it doesn't matter now.
Can you just, can you give him this?
Wait.
You're a guy.
You need to meet your ex-wife.
In person.
Do I?
What is that?
Come on.
Where is she?
She not coming?
There she is.
Right there.
What are you talking about?
That's Michelle, my assistant.
I'm telling you, man.
Michelle Herbert, now Michelle Dockery is your wife.
You're not serious.
Mm-hmm.
Okay, so if I call her and it isn't, Michelle, do it, man.
If you don't call her, I will.
Hello?
You really is.
Michelle is my own wife.
You've been married for four years.
Didn't even know your own wife.
Poor guy.
Give me your memories as a kid.
What is this problem?
Michelle.
Amy.
Grandma.
Thomas Gora.
What are you guys doing here?
Oh, cousin.
I can't believe that scumbag left you here with nothing.
Cousin.
Lucas?
Lucas, I know everything.
Michelle never cheated on you.
I'm so sorry for all the problems he's caused you these past few years, but he's really a good kid.
Uh, no, it's not like that.
I mean, he's my boss.
Michelle, I think there's been a misunderstanding.
This is all my fault.
Look, I know I haven't been here the past few years, but just give me a second chance.
Remember when you said you would never forgive someone who's done it with me?
Ask him for forgiveness.
Oh, Michelle, give him another chance.